As one of the most disgraceful episodes in the history of our government, something that
says this is a series of events that about the previous events is regaligant, there's
a very sudden mistake.
There are the plural and unpardonable.
There is no value that you suggest for occasion, for this situation having occurred.
And it has now become our solemn duty, the duty of this committee to undertake the
retirement and fix the responsibility.
I think that is the part of our responsibility.
We have tremendous amount of testimony here and much of the relevant, some other confidence,
some other good director for the issues involved.
And finally, through retirement, our come to its inclusion and the decision, I shall
only take to be a judicial woman.
As my capacity was for this, we as African-American, this part that we're trying to consider to be
a relevant.
My own confusion may I say, something is going to say about the operation of the democat.
Mr. Chairman, you can always have this cooperation of this democat in your life.
And anything that is right, and certainly you can have it, or hardly with the great
state in the limit of my energy as a capacity, the atmosphere of purpose and the primary
purpose of any action is to further out commoners, or to expose commoners to your own
future.
I say that, but I don't think that everything is huge enough being willing to face the
test.
Mr. Chairman, please do ask for cooperation, but the best way to get it is to reciprocate.
I was told, and I think this democat is not the taken action, the democat with the
members of our fund.
I did it on principle, Mr. Chairman.
I think you want the silence to go also, the democat members of this committee.
I will also do silence.
We'll let the committee.
These things affect you in our absence.
I left the public gift of this closing hour, whether an end democat was responsible in
it, as has been animated here, or what happened that it associated with all about these
proceedings.
I first got the American people, will not judge these proceedings, but they will not judge
the public.
I think that the public is not the only person who has been able to do this.
I think this is the case.
I first got the American people, will not judge these proceedings, as the best or as
the regular proceedings of the United States.
I did not face the burden, because I was a bit against the trustee, because what I was
on purpose in the showroom, I think we should have filmed up to the air, and it was a little
better.
I think my share of it was part of the political style, to punish for that.
But I hate to come to the thanks, to people of the nation, to think that such is a fast
sample of the proceedings and the matter of conducting proceedings in the highest world-making
bodies in the year.
That's the tabernight, and I can only say to you that the other reasons we have to perform
are, that the air is conscientious, and it's sincere, it's fair and impartial, as I possibly
can, for I have had a justification and a proper action to be taken by all of them.
Thank you.
And, in the next one, I'd like to have a recommendation.
Mr. Chairman, this is a little like June week on the college campus, and we'll have our
evaluation say goodbye.
To the lives and to all the amazing things that were upon this legislative adventure.
First of all, do you, Mr. Chairman, I say you've done a magnificent job under most
trying circumstances and a lot of confidence.
To our very distinguished council, for when we come up to Tennessee, I'd as though it's
a little bit more constructive, objective, and great job that you've done.
I think you rendered the only service to this committee.
And to my friend from Boston, who's the impinged chair, Charles, and with all
of his designs, we somehow have it.
May I say this to all of you, we have flowers along, first.
I would have been to rather interesting things about all of this.
But, it's a little like a page of all Henry, I would say, that simple charge,
or the kind of charge you should assemble a medley of witnesses here for many, many weeks
ranging from the Secretary Army to one of the humble fighters in that great institution.
Here's has a vote to a great outpouring of me.
I've been excoriated, I've been praised, I've been blamed, I've been vilified.
And to all those who will not be seen in any way, there must be some 50,000 unanswered letters
in my office now.
I can only say that I get the testimony I think of the light teller there, the great and
big company under those circumstances.
It's a great privilege, I think, to welcome to millions of American homes with a year of
this time, and if I can fire an additional responsibility I can fund the Congress and
on other committee's assistance.
I have only one serious note about it, this is no time to comment on what has happened,
or the findings of the judgment that is still the event, but I think most impressive to
me about it all is the unending stream of people who have on of those five or
three days today and week after week.
Now I suppose the psychologists and the experts who have learned it in the field of
mass behavior have got all the answers, but I come up with an answer of my home as I
watch the attention of people here there yesterday and have a phrase, so a great
volume of mail that has come to my attention.
It just seems to me that probably the greatest in telling him both in life is that of self-preservation.
Normally we extend it only through that part of the nature of self-preservation about
life and carries us to any length of she who claims and pacts.
But I do believe that that family seems of self-preservation extends to the best
preservation of the country.
It's rather unconscious as a matter of fact, from five people, but it gives the reason
why there is such a tremendous interest in the true self against communism,
this loyalty and all the variance of those in the physical process.
I presume that this was to say that the first thing to tell a person is to
have a vested self only to cover intellect into a better civil servant, give it a
tougher than say a long word.
But if a person is self-preservation of a very decent state in the people, then all of
it all comes with this one conclusion that will say it again, the sinister
forces which we've been intending for a long time must go on with redo
of the interest of the perpetuity of a free comfort.
And may I say to the daily worker and to which we thought her who's been in
attendance, I fancy every day since this began.
There may have been a moment of comfort and there may have been some
trench of greed as they may have had lines about the hearings, but that comfort
and greed will be short-lived indeed as it will stay again, coming with a
mental version of this love and go with poem with greater figures available.
That's all I've been saying.
I think one of my poems is going to make me express the thousandest
number, let's just have them.
I intend to express the chair, I think he's told me words, to call an executive
session and his journey has been seen.
I want to do second that request, Mr. Chairman, because a number of important
questions that are yet on resolve by the hearings and I think that the executive
session is a positive place to understand that will be held short.
Mr. Chairman, I want to be very free and I will be really want to say this,
that we cannot help these dismay at hearing the revelation of
smallest impetuous of the circumstances which have been described here during
the past many days, 35, 36, whatever days, so we've been here.
But we cannot minimize the grave and serious importance of the charges and
countercharges which gave birth to these hearings.
Certainly our responsibility does not end here.
Certainly the American people have the right to expect that we take whatever
action is necessary to correct the abuses which have been shown here.
I certainly shall do all in my power for this end.
And I think we have the grave responsibility to demonstrate that as a
resolve of these hearings we can improve on that which has been law.
And if we do nothing more than that, we will have made a
contribution to better trouble.
Mr. Potter, here was that here, Mr. Chairman, as the curfew goes down on the
final act, 36 days of carefulness.
I think there are two things that it will for the American people to recognize.
Of course, this is not a typical congressional hearing.
Even the structure of the format of the hearing is not typical.
We've had outside attorneys got in to act as Trump,
called the principal, one of the principal's owners, called the committee.
The procedures are rules that they stop for this particular hearing.
One, I doubt that they've ever been used and any other types of congressional hearing.
So when will this withdrawing on your fellow?
No, no, two.
That all hearings of the Congress are conducted with my command.
I haven't, along with the third, do not the hearing is defined that first
normal might have been done.
There is a result.
It doesn't live up to the dignity of the Senate.
I wish we would draw the American people with a vote.
But that is not normal.
I think it will all pull the point out that despite all the testimony,
and I think it was necessary testimony by hearing of this call.
Many people may believe that the government is overwhelmed by the thorough people.
I say that's not so.
I believe that our government has few good-quality.
And I can assure you that the administration down town and the committees of the Congress are all working.
With the singleness of the purpose to rule out any person that is just law.
I agree that there's no one committee, there's no one in the village.
So I'm carrying this by the law.
That's a president.
And the members of the executive branch are equally concerned about this problem.
There is a meeting ground for both the legislative branch of our government
and executive branch to look together.
If that is something we can improve upon.
I sincerely hope that as a result of these hearings,
there will be a greater degree of population between the executive branch
and the legislative branch of our government.
And working on this serious problem of endeavoring to further up.
I say that this is not a technical hearing.
And we get back to our regular functions of our committee.
I'm sure that we will can work together and have a personal understanding
of the ways that have developed and possible periods of these issues.
And the way we have been working on these issues.
Mr. Chaillan, the issue presented to this committee
and this controversy have produced directly conflicting evidence.
The record will have to be studied closely before final determination can be reached.
And I pledge that I will do my best to that end.
I regret this subcommittee has decided by a four to three votes to limit the witnesses who are called.
I believe the other witnesses who have important testimony varying on this type of verse E.
should have been heard by this subcommittee.
Because that letter was read at the end of the hearings,
I won't express my appreciation to Mr. Welch in having the letter read.
I have not been in touch with Mr. Stevens since the 8th of March directly or indirectly,
as one slight error in it, but it gives the facts without exception as I know them.
In my opinion, however, these hearings have brought up a subject
which the American people will have to give very serious considerations to.
And that is a contentious by a member of the legislative branch
that he has the right to solicit and that he will continue to solicit.
Employees and the executive branch of the government to secretly bring to him and his family's confidential documents.
I believe with this committee and the state of the United States
must consider this contentious, most careful,
because it goes to the very heart of the fundamental theories of the separation of powers
in the government of the United States.
And although I entirely agree with my distinguished colleague, Senator McClellan,
that these have been most distressing days,
nevertheless a decision on that important matter
if it comes soon may have justified these hearings.
I want to thank all the people,
of the staff who have been so courteous and gracious to me and my colleagues
while these hearings have been going on.
Thank you.
And, as always, I'm sorry for each Mr. Chairman.
I merely want to emphasize that the committee has had some pleasant tax.
I think now we should have no unnecessary delays in reaching our final conclusions and a decision.
But more important than that, I want to appeal to the American people to be tolerant and understanding.
And while it is easy to be critical of the executive branch, the president and the Congress,
who are the failure to do things that possibly should be done,
I think that a helpful attitude and the support of the American people of their government,
the executive legislative branches, will accomplish a great deal in reaching the goals of national defense
as we live in these highly critical days.
Mr. Wells, the chair would like to extend the year the courtesy of saying anything you might like to say
as time as the final work.
Well, that is the courtesy indeed since I raised so little consideration.
I would like to say one or two things.
First, I'd like to say a word about the man who sits on my immediate right, James Sainte-Claire.
He doesn't know I'm going to say this.
I simply couldn't have touched the job that has been done here without his assistance.
And my death to him is very large indeed.
Once I had his youth, but I did not, I think, have his equipment or his high promise.
I must thank my staff at the Pentagon.
There are some of them, I think, probably are still there listening.
I can't pass Colonel Murray on my left.
I was in a social tool.
To the press and the radio and the television I can only say,
you were kind to me, a stranger.
I came into the case proud of my retainer and I leave proud of my retainer.
I came into the high confidence in the army and in a secondary and in its department council.
Far from diminishing, that confidence has been doubled in trebles as I have stuck here.
One of his chairman, Vera Purschnell knows,
I alone came into this room from deep obscurity.
I alone will retire to obscurity.
As it falls about these off-leaders, I hope it does quickly.
The lady who listens and is called you, this Lyndon Welsh, will hear from me.
A long sigh of relief.
I am sorry that this play had to take place.
There were threats from white things in the ominous, strong noises.
And in the China and around the world.
If that is the thing that my life has been lived so much, the even wars are turmoil.
Then I can say as I have already indicated that I could deal with a little serenity.
And I allow myself to hold the soon-to-beil comedy when there will in this lovely land of ours be more simple laughter.
And Sherrod only like to add Mr. Wilson, if you think you are returning to obscurity in Boston,
you have overlooked an anthropogenic American institution known as the lecture bureau.
I am sure of speaking your service.
As we began these hearings, listening to the voice of the man from Tennessee opening them,
we shall conclude them with that same voice now with the exception that after that chair has recognized our committee council,
Ray Jenkins who has done such a terrific job in an unparalleled capacity,
is worrying two-hats in the same shot.
The chair would like to state that after Mr. Jackson's session,
he has reenownment of some importance to make and then he will adjourn.
Ray Jenkins is the pleasure to recognize you as the rest of us and we go.
Mr. Chairman, that is my last official act, a special council for the subcommittee.
I desire that at this time and I am sure that I now have the unanimous consent of the chairman and all members of this subcommittee to complete me and forever diverse myself.
Of this consummation communication business we have real so long.
And which I confess Mr. Chairman has given me a sense of guilt, very immersed, perhaps the atomic information that it contains.
The chair will now accept this document from you with the understanding you will take it to the executive committee meeting tomorrow morning and the chairman for it goes from there.
I will assume it's not the time for the next 24 hours.
Namaste, chairman, I would like to have this opportunity to say a few words before eating this microphone.
Together with those with whom I have worked so long, I have looked forward with much anticipation to the arrival of this magic and heavy moment, the ending of these hearings.
And now that it has arrived, I must not say to say that the happiness of the moment is somewhat things by feeling as sadness because it is not only the moment of the ending of this controversy in these hearings.
It is the moment of the past and the farewells and the party in this place and going our respective ways.
It would be excellent to watch Mr. Chairman and members of the committee of an inspirational faith, things and hope that the past of all of us will sometimes cross again.
But if it is easy and it will be heartwarming to meet from day to day and month to month and year to year, it will create the sins of this drama and of the cacters of its cast.
I want to publicly acknowledge the people in the loyal services rendered to me, that members of my staff, Mr. Collier, Mr. Harwitz, Mr. Maynard and Mr. Clay, as others have done at this closing moment.
I want to say, I want to affirm my high estimate of the person of the radio association, in bringing to the people of my country what I consider to be its finest lesson in government and in the operations and functions of at least two of the great branches of that government.
Mr. Chairman, now far as those of you whom we have served so long, the members of this staff committee, as the faith is facing the view before my mind and I am time to come.
I do not look upon the amount of regard to the amount of members of Mr. Clay parties of this country.
I regard them always as truly great Americans.
I want to say here in all citizens, and from the depths of my heart, that they are my mind and I am talking now to the American people.
And in a moment of sentiment may I name them, Senator Jackson, and the State of Washington, Senator Cymings and from Missouri, Senator McCellan, from way down south wall, in the way of the South American people.
And it is seen that Cymings from the great state of South America, Senator Dersen, Senator Illinois, and Senator Potter of Michigan and Senator Gwartack of Idaho.
Later my mind and I am talking to the American people are seven rocks of granite.
Soon, people in this country may anchor all of their hopes, their aspirations, their ambitions, their tricks and their faith because I know that these seven limbs are truly representative of the 96 men who composed the greatest long making by them in this world.
And as long as the American electorate exercises, it's right of right now.
Part of such a terrific choice, which will be its interest, its right in the future only but exercise of eternal dignity.
And send to the halls of the Congress of this nation and to the executive departments of this nation, men of the caliber, of the seven men sitting in my right and my left.
The foundations of this government are strong in our state and the perpetuity of this nation is insured.
Finally Mr. Chairman and I apologize for taking so much.
May I say that here for some time, down in the mountains by some areas, raising our wishful thinking, I can figure out my end in the conviction that perhaps this country stands out in a service to my country.
And not the participation of the committee and the committee's carries.
Then, the limited views and the nights, the labor and the work, the doubts, the scared and the vain desire, I shall feel how things favor and repay the thousand goals. Thank you.
Thank you.